Zoya
- Patch: In designing the patch for Horizon, I researched previous designs from Girl Scouts's archived patches, and looked to the badges and patches I had accrued in my experience as a Girl Scout. As well, I looked through the Hack Club Slack, in an effort to find popular symbols/imagery representative of HC. In doing so, I encountered Orpheus, HC's beloved mascot. After finalizing the color scheme (which drew from Girl Scouts's trademark colors), I used Procreate as a primary design software and set to work drafting the first iterations of a patch. Thereafter, I used font pairings from online, aiming to pair a bohemian, modern retro font with a monospace font. With Horizon being my first opportunity to design a patch, I requested input from community members, who were able to provide advice and recommondations on formatting.
- T-Shirts/Logo: For shirt and logo design, I sampled the text from the patch for consistency with additional stylization, and drafted some design variations and formattings. In its initial stages, the Horizon logo featured a skyline, which is an element I wished to feature in the final designs (as Horizon was first dubbed "metropolis"). Once again, I used Procreate due to my familiarity with the program, but I struggled to maintain the quality of designs due to the lack of an 'Export with SVG' option.
- Pins: When designing pins for Horizon, I used both Procreate and Figma (Procreate for Horizon pins, and Figma for superlative pins). For the Horizon pins, I wanted to use a hot pink and dark green color combination, drawing from the color palette, due to their classic and balanced pairing. For the superlative pins, I brainstormed with Sarthak and used a color-blocking tool in Figma to achieve a "vectorized" art style for the cookie designs, and placed banners on top of the cookies, akin to sashes worn by Girl Scouts. 

- Consulting others on design (and creative arts in general) is a good idea when looking to improve upon designs, whether it be on construction or cohesiveness, as they can grant a "fresh eye", a new perspective on aspects that may be overlooked from the artist's viewpoint and ideas on accessibility. 
- Using design resources like Dribbble, Behance, and even Pinterest can be useful when looking for inspiration, but personalizing designs and not yielding to impermanent design mictrotrends is optimal when considering the purpose of your design.
