# Sunday! 
On Sunday, we woke up and walked to Maman, one of the most popular cafes in the NYC area — I'd been recommended it by multiple friends so it was really nice to fall into the comfort of doing touristy™ things. Though, I'm not sure if the cafe liked that: we got a few glares and eye-rolls, but that's okay, because I'd probably do the same too if I saw a gropu of a dozen or so teenage girls walk in (and wearing matching hoodies no less!). 

We mainly discussed some of our takeaways and favorite things from Horizon (both the event & the dinner). We talked a lot about the joy of being able to share our love of coding and hardware with younger kids and how fun it was to see the projects that everyone had been able to make. Some of the web dev workshop leads talked about being flexible on their feet and changing the class around when they saw that some of the students were lost as well as some of the hardware workshop leaders talking about the Girl Scouts that had been really interested in Sprig. I really enjoyed teaching my Generative Art workshop and see how excited the studetns were when their code gave them some beautiful animations and whatnot! 

On the topic of the dinner, we talked a lot about how awesome the women we met were and the specific conversations we had with them. A few of us were talking to Trina who seemed to have (?) hired us (?) on the spot? Confusing. But it was really nice to see how kind and attentive she was when we asked question after question and later, when Stacey Cunningham arrived and they answered our questions together. I also talked a lot to Christina Entcheva, who is so, so cool—she works on a lot of Github Sponsors and open source systems which I think is profondly important. It's cool to see someone in tech care a lot about the ethics and the impacts of what's going on, and the group of us talking to her learned a lot through that! Some things other girls talked about were really appreciating how honest and down-to-earth the guests were: they acknowledged how hard it was to be in a male-dominated filed; they talked about the dynamics of being married or balancing personal vs. professional lives; and etc. I really appreciated this too, because it was a chance we could ask some real questions and really bond, and all of us at the debrief agreed this was one of the best parts. 

Near the end, Christina brought up the idea of Hack Club on tour! It would entail a series of similar dinners across the US and beyond where organizers would look for such people in the area and host a small event like this and invite a lot of hack clubbers to come chat, learn from them, and maybe discover some new ideas and perspectives. A lot of the Horizoner’s really liked the idea and because a lot of them were from San Francisco, proposed starting on there (which would be _awesome_). 

The rest of the day was just a bit of running around and doing fun things in New York. We went to the largest Barnes & Noble in the US and I bought Range (Epstein) and Atomic Habits (Clear). I also saw the second and third book in the Three Body Problem series but decided it probably was too heavy to carry back home… We also stopped by the Harry Potter store (personally, I just stopped for some cold brew coffee and walked with some people to the Brooklyn Bridge and to see the Vessel). Hugo joined JC and Sarah and I and proceeded to get us lost in the financial district (to be fair, I was complicit in this lack of navigation), but we finally found some bougie vegan place to eat.  

Generally speaking, it seemed that all of us really thought Horizon was a success and hope to be able to do similar things in the future, but also think there are some things that could be changed as well in terms of communication with the community, clearer forms of outreach for dinners, etc.. Thanks! — Claire (@clairebookworm)
